Bring attention to kerberos ticket expiration (#432)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: services/lsst-login.rst

You can log into Rubin Observatory development servers at NCSA with your NCSA account as follows:

>    - NCSA username and password **OR** valid NCSA `Kerberos <https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/>`_ ticket, **AND**

Author: But the Kerberos ticket needs to be from NCSA. You can't just use any random Kerberos ticket.
There is nothing to setup, except you have to request a ticket.

      ProxyJump lsst-login01.ncsa.illinois.edu
      DynamicForward yourportnumber

Reusing SSH Connections
-----------------------

> You may also wish to reuse a single connection to/through an ``lsst-login`` node via a single SSH ControlMaster socket. This allows you to authenticate to the login node once and reuse that initial connection to make additional connections without authenticating again. See, for example, 

Reviewer: `ControlMaster` is specific to OpenSSH. Perhaps:
```suggestion
You may also wish to share a single connection to/through an ``lsst-login`` node. This allows you to authenticate to the login node once and reuse that initial connection to make additional connections without authenticating again. If you are using OpenSSH on your local machine, this is done with a ControlMaster socket. See, for example, 
```
